//Arpie
"Arpie" is a pet name for Arpeggiator.  This effect is a modified version of Echo.  The delay
line is played back at higher rates to create arpeggios at octave intervals.  You can select a 
preset sequence, then adjust the number of steps to repeat from the sequence to gain a wide variety of
patterns. Arpie can be adjusted to achieve thick and beautiful soundscapes as well as very edgy electronic
trance and techno sounds.  Of course, with slower  tempos such that several phrases are repeated one can
get the tempo-doubling side effect to lay out paint-pealing leads without hardly moving your fingers.

Wet/Dry			Amount of arpeggiated accompaniment in the mix
Arpe's			Mix pitch shifted delay line with normal delay
Pan
Tempo			Measured in beats per minute
Subdivision		Ratio to subdivide measure.  A setting of 1 is equal to 1 measure at Tempo.
			For example, 1/4 means the length of the delay line is equal to a quarter note
			at the selected tempo.  The sequence will jump 4 steps per measure.  
LRdl.			Same as for Echo
L/R.Cr			Same as for Echo



//Dual Flange
Another Flanger alternative.  
Basic operation of a flanger:  Delay the incoming signal and add it to the input signal.  This creates destructive interference in a similar 
manner to a Phaser, but the notch filter frequencies are evenly spaced from the lowest notch up to infinity (in theory).

Dual Flange picks two different delays and adds them to the input signal.  The two separately delayed paths have a spacing relationship that 
follows the other by a percentage, and not a constant offset.  At maximum wet, these two delay "taps" are added equally, thus the notches between 
the two are infinitely deep, and the effect is at its maximum severity.  Mixing in the clean signal reduces the depth of the notches, but also 
creates a complex and interesting frequency response.  The result is a unique color to the tone not available by a standard flanger.

Wet/Dry			Mix delayed signal with Dry
Pan
L/R.Cr
Depth			Frequency (Hz) of the lowest notch frequency on lowest end of sweep range
Width			LFO sweep width, deviation measured in Hz. 
Offset			Percent difference in delay between delay A and delay B.
Fb			Feedback.  0 is none, negative and positive.
LPF			Damp the delay line.  This makes the high frequency notches more shallow, thus the sound approaches that of a 
			Phaser or other mellow sweeping comb filter
Subtract		Subtract delayed signal instead of add
Th. zero		Through Zero.  Delay Dry signal to 1/2 way between high and low delay deviations of delayed signal.
Tempo			Sweep speed 
St.df			Stereo Difference between LFO's
LFO Type
Rnd			Random.  Add random noise to LFO to help reduce unmusical effects of linear interpolation between samples.


//Expander
The primary purpose for this effect is to offer a differently natured Noise Gate than the "Noise Gate" module.  The turn-on characteristic is
modeled after that of a BJT transistor, thus it behaves more similarly to an analog noise gate.  It is likely that Expander
uses less CPU resources than Noise Gate, but neither are very resource intensive modules.

The basic behavior is the louder you play, the louder it gets until it gets pinned at the maximum "Level".  As a noise gate, 
the volume is exponentially increased in the lower volume levels until Threshold, at which point the gate
is entirely open.

To use the effect as an expander, it is best to set the threshold at higher levels, and shape at moderate levels (less than 10). 
Short attack/release times in this mode will cause it to work much like one would expect from a dynamics expander.  In this mode
it is essentially a compressor in reverse.

To take the idea of expander a little further, one can set long attack times and short release times to achieve a string swell 
effect akin to adjusting the volume pot on the guitar...only the effect does it automatically for you.

Finally, the filters may be used for a bit of frequency shaping before a distortion effect, or used in front of the Compressor to help brighten
the tone.


A. Time		Attack Time  -- Time to open the gate
R. Time		Release Time -- Time it takes the gate to return to off state

Shape		Gate transition shape.  Large number means gate turns on suddenly at threshold.  Small number means gate gradually turns on
		Noise suppression is best at higher numbers, but the gradual expansion above the threshold can be a more musical
		way for gate  to turn on.

Thrhold		Threshold.  The gate is reducing signal volume below this level.  Moderate threshold setting with smaller number for shape
		is useful for string swell effects.

Level		Boost the output. 1 ... 127 represents a fractional increase in volume from 0dB to 20dB

HPF		High Pass Filter
LPF		Low Pass Filter
